Welcome back! I'm so
glad you're joining us.
Previously, you
were introduced to
incident detection and response.
You may also remember
learning about
networking from a
previous course.
To recap, you learned about
how devices talk to each other
using network protocols and
the different types
of network attacks.
You also examined some network
security best practices.
Here, we'll expand
on networking and
shift our focus to
network analysis.
First, you'll examine
network communications by
exploring network traffic flows.
Next, you'll learn
about viewing and
capturing network traffic
using packet sniffers.
Then, you'll be introduced
to packet analysis,
where you'll examine
packet fields and decode
communication between
devices and networks.
As a security professional,
you'll be tasked with
monitoring networks and
system infrastructure to
detect malicious activities.
And this section will provide
you with the opportunity to
develop your network and
packet analysis skills.
Are you ready to begin?
Let's get started!